fix(s3): update az doc MTA-3809 (#2286)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/new-object-storage-classes.mdx

<Concept>

## What is the difference between the Standard class in PAR and AMS, and the Standard class in WAW?

> Scaleway Object Storage uses erasure code (6+3) to secure your data, today the data is distributed across three different racks inside the same DC. In case one rack becomes unavailable, we are still able to rebuild your data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaleway Object Storage uses erasure code (6+3) to secure your data, which is currently distributed across three different racks inside the same DC. In case one rack becomes unavailable, we are still able to rebuild your data. 
```
